Update references (#3517)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/overview/studies.rst

-  `Adibi et al. Quantitative Magnetic Resonance Imaging Analysis of Early Markers of Upper Cervical Cord Atrophy in Multiple Sclerosis and Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder. Mult Scler Int. 2021 <https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34306756/>`_
-  `Martucci et al. Spinal Cord Resting State Activity in Individuals With Fibromyalgia Who Take Opioids. Front. Neurol. 2021 <https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fneur.2021.694271/full>`_
-  `David et al. Longitudinal changes of spinal cord grey and white matter following spinal cord injury. Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery & Psychiatry. 2021 <https://jnnp.bmj.com/content/early/2021/08/11/jnnp-2021-326337.info>`_

> -  `Trevarrow et al. Spinal Cord Microstructural Changes are Connected with the Aberrant Sensorimotor Cortical Oscillatory Activity in Adults with Cerebral Palsy. Research Square. 2021 <https://www.researchsquare.com/article/rs-842588/v1>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  `Trevarrow et al. Spinal Cord Microstructural Changes are Connected with the Aberrant Sensorimotor Cortical Oscillatory Activity in Adults with Cerebral Palsy. Scientific Reports. 2021 <https://doi.org/10.21203/rs.3.rs-842588/v1>`_
```

-  `Alsenan et al. A Deep Learning Model based on MobileNetV3 and UNet for Spinal Cord Gray Matter Segmentation. 44th International Conference on Telecommunications and Signal Processing (TSP). 2021 <https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9522652>`_

> -  `Horak et al. In vivo molecular signatures of cervical spinal cord pathology in degenerative compression. Journal of Neurotrauma. 2021 <https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34428934/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  `Horak et al. In vivo molecular signatures of cervical spinal cord pathology in degenerative compression. J Neurotrauma. 2021 <https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34428934/>`_
```
always use abbreviated journal name from pubmed
